In the old days, people said that earthquakes were not caused by the Big Nose,
but by the Big Nose under the earth.
This is not a joke.
I have heard of something,
but the Big Nose is not a fish,
but a large piece of the ground.
You may know that the railway road is covered with stones that are about to fall,
but the land we live in is covered with stones that are about to fall.
This stone is different from the railway road,
and it has various dimensions and is not square.
We call it the Big Nose,
and we think that earthquakes occur by the movement of the Big Nose.
By this movement, you can see the difference in the distance between the two lines.
This difference is called the Big Nose.
The big difference is not only in the events of earthquakes,
but also in the events before them.
This is the research center for the prevention of earthquakes and the prevention of earthquakes.
It is an important clue.
Here you will learn about the movement of the Big Nose.
You will learn about the hot springs and earthquakes on the land.
The bottom of the earth gets deeper and deeper.
This is called the Big Nose.
This Big Nose changes over time in the same place,
so this movement is one of the causes of the Big Nose.
However, I would like to say that the Big Nose is a cause of earthquakes,
such as the explosion of the volcano.